
It is 9:00 A.M monday, Alan woke up in a hurry to attend chris' call and cursed his alarm for not waking him up. The call was very important
as it decided whether he would get a promotion or not. Alan works for a gaming company as a game developer which has a hidden
agenda unknown to Alan pr any of its employees upto a certain level. Getting the promotion would mean he would have a seat
at the table and find out the true motive of the company. As Alan picks up the call, Chris immediately tell him to get his
butt to the office right away for an important meeting. Alan replies "I'll be there in 15 minutes". As he rushes off to work,
he gets into an accident and someone kidnaps him. Alan remains unconcious until he is woken up by a person wearing a grey suit.
A person he recognizes as his boss......
Alarmed and agitated by the horrific turn of events, Angry-Alan demands explanation from his boss- Wade Watts.
Wade sighs, looks into Alan's eyes with sheer calm as he says,"Thanos is alive and we must find him soon." 
Alan stiffens, Thanos being alive was supposed to be a secret as Alan was the one who helped him escape.
In meanwhile, a guy enters the room and tells "Alan is the one behind Thanos escape", as Wade listens to that he decided to shoot Alan with a gun...
Wade points the gun at alan and suddenly he will turn the gun and shoot the person who just now said about Alan. The person whom wade
shot was Chris.... 
Wade walks towards  Alan and tells "you will be in the place of Chris, if you won't tell where that 'black-suitcase' is?"
Alan was struck by what just happened. He sprinted towards Wade and punched him in the stomach.
The gun stumbles down on the floor as it falls off from his hand. Alan picks the gun and he shoots wade's leg. Alan says"I'll kill you if you don't tell me the 
actual motive of the company","What is the speciality of the ring present in black suitcase??" Alan asks Wade and he refuses to tell. Alan points the gun to his forehead..

Beep...beep...beep... Alan heard some spontenus high pitch tones, as he was trying to figure it out where it was comming from. He got up panting and realised it
was just a dream. As he shut his alarm it was 8:00. He got up and continued with his chores, he felt weirdly normal. He got the call from Chris in a agitated tone 
asking him to be on time. As Alan was going to his promotion letter today. He stepped out of his home and boom!! He gets kidnapped and this felt a bit similar. He realised
that it was his dream comming true.....So what does he do next?? let it happen the way he dreamt or change it?? he comes to know that the hands behind his kidnap was his boss.
He then crushes the goons and escapes towards boss to know the truth.

Little does Alan knows that his boss Wade Watts runs a Drug Mafia in the shadows of the company. Alan rushes to his boss' office and bangs the doors open. Only to know that his boss has already left the city. Being clueless, Alan rages on the desk
and slams the keyboard accidentally turning on his boss' PC. Alan gets curious, sufers through the PC to find atleast some hint.
He finds a video recording of his boss' last message to him. As he plays it, "Alan, you were a great developer as far the companies 
but you meddled into something that you shouldn't have. By the time, you see this video i will be long gone and by the time you 
realize your step, you will be fugitive. Project Black will progress and by time it completely done, you will be long gone into the 
heavens, laughs ( menacingly)", the audio stops and count down of 10 seconds starts. Alan being completely aghast, hears sirens of 
police vehicles. "Surrender Alan! you are surrounded, try to escape,you get shot in the head" warn the police. Alan falls to ground 
and the coun down reaches 3....2....1...
 
Then BOOM !! Suddenly the time freezes, everything stops and there comes the GOD OF DEATH . 
Alan in mere shock asks him "who are you?". god of death replies " I am the god of death and i've come here to give you this death note"
Alan then asks "what death note?". God of death with a sarcastic smile says "the person whose name is written in this note book shall die in 30secs.
And the person who first touches this notebook is the owner of the notebook until he disowns it by his choice.But while writing the name in this
book you should imagine the person's face and write the name and also the cause of death or else he would die of a heart attack" 
Then alan asks "why are u giving this book only to me?" 
"I was bored of writing the human names so i decided to see what would a human do when he gets this book so i chose you:)"says the death god 
and dissapears and there he listens the countdown again 3...and silence. Alan writes the name of the police chief and the chief dies within 40secs
with a heart stroke. Police outside gets diverted and alan escapes in the time gap.

